# Automated-DMTA-visualisation
Visualisation dashboard for the Automated DMTA system at AstraZeneca plc.

## Author
Iohannis Gkinalas (University of Brighton student) as part of his industrial placement (academic year 2017-18) at AstraZeneca plc.

### Objective
A web-app dashboard for imaging the process of the automated DMTA (Design-Make-Test-Annalise) tests performed by a robotic arm system (currently placed in AstraZeneca's labs in Sweden) which is testing the effectiveness of chemical compounds against viruses/agents. The dashboard is displaying the compounds that are in the cycle (both those already initiated and others that are queued for testing) including any results that have been produced.

### Prerequisites/Getting Started
For local development and testing purposes, the local machine needs:
- IDE: Spring Tools 4
- Local server: Apache Maven in Spring
- Data Source: Access to AstraZeneca’s network folder (name-folder structure is satisfied) that the Automated DMTA robot is exporting the files
Operation
- The input are files on an internal AstraZeneca’s network folder, generated by the robotic system during its processing cycle. The dashboard is monitoring for changes in these folders and updates its model accordingly.

### Design/modelling
The application is design in an MVC architecture, where:
- *__Controller__* is scanning for file changes in the output folders and updates the model when such changes are occurring
- *__Model__* is structured as a chemical compound with attributes such as:
  - ID
  - SMILES code
  - results number and
  - results image graph
- *__View__* is requesting data (when user clicks on links) from the Controller which consequently pulling from Model

### Deployment
- Copy the executable in to a server
- Server needs access to the data source (AstraZeneca’s internal network folder where the Automated DMTA robot is exporting the files). No plugin is required.
- The executable can be found at: ..\Source code\Automated-DMTA-visualisation\AutomatedDMTA\AutomatedDMTA-web\target\AutomatedDMTA-web.war

### Built With
- **IDE** Spring Tools 4
- **Maven** Dependency Management
- **Origin** Company's Maven Archetype
- **Local server** Apache Tomcat in Spring
- **Programming languages**
  - **View** HTML/CSS and JavaScript for the View
  - **Controller** Java and SQL queries
  - **Model** Java
